:sparkles: OPRUN-3722: Consolidate configuration (#1790)
operator-framework/operator-controller: config/README.md

# OPERATOR-CONTROLLER CONFIG

## config/overlays/basic-olm

This includes basic support for an insecure OLMv1 deployment. This configuration uses:
* config/base/operator-controller
* config/base/catalogd
* config/base/common

## config/overlays/cert-manager

This includes support for a secure (i.e. with TLS) configuration of operator-controller. This configuration uses:
* config/base/operator-controller
* config/base/catalogd
* config/base/common
* config/components/tls/operator-controller
* config/components/tls/catalogd
* config/components/tls/ca

This configuration requires cert-manager.

## config/overlays/e2e

This provides additional configuration support for end-to-end testing, including code coverage. This configuration uses:
* config/base/operator-controller
* config/base/catalogd
* config/base/common
* config/components/tls/operator-controller
* config/components/tls/catalogd
* config/components/coverage

> * config/components/tls/ca

Reviewer: Nit: swap lines 30 and 31 so that all the `tls` components are grouped together.

Author: Can't. If you look in other places, there's a comment stating that it messes up the namespace of the CA components. I should put that comment here.

Author: But, here, since it's a readme, I suppose I could.

This configuration requires cert-manager.

## Base Configuration

### config/base/catalogd

This provides the basic configuration of catalogd.

This configuration specifies a namespace of `olmv1-system`.

### config/base/operator-controller

This provides the basic configuration of operator-controller.

This configuration specifies a namespace of `olmv1-system`.

### config/base/common

This provides common components to both operator-controller and catalogd, i.e. namespace.

## Components

Each of the `kustomization.yaml` files specify a `Component`, rather than an overlay.

### config/components/tls/catalogd

> This provides a basic configuration of operator-controller with TLS support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This provides a basic configuration of catalogd with TLS support.
```

This component specifies the `olmv1-system` namespace.

This component requires cert-manager.

### config/components/tls/operator-controller

> This provides a basic configuration of catalogdoperator-controller with TLS support for catalogd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This provides a basic configuration of operator-controller with TLS support.
```
